What happened?
Something really bad.
Let me use your last card.
I need a chopper.
I have a date to keep.
I'm starting to feel better.
The medicine's working.
That's good.
Why are you wearing that?
Where are you going?
Dr. Kang and Big Boss
are currently missing.
I think Dr. Kang's been kidnapped
and Big Boss, who's unreachable
might be carrying out a solo operation.
Are you...
You said my present was on the way.
Can I open it now?
Don't lose them.
If you lose them, we have to pay for them.
You know you have to come back, right?
We're carrying out an unauthorized black op.
We're going to be dealing with armed gangsters
and we have no backup.
We'll carry out this operation without army uniforms.
We might not all be able to return.
Now's the time to say if you want out.
Does anyone want out?
No, sir!
Good. Vacation's over.
As of now, you're Alpha Team members again.
The deal with North Uruk is done.
They transferred all the money.
Lighten up.
We're in the money...
What should we do with the kids?
You should dump everything that doesn't fit in a suitcase.
Get rid of the children.
Yes, sir.
Go, go, go!
Drop your gun!
What are you doing here?
What were you doing here alone with both of your hands up?
I was scared since I was alone.
But I knew you were here, so I was cheering for you.
Don't be scared.
All the members of Alpha Team are here.
I'll thank you properly when I have more time.
Captain Big Boss
is in charge of this operation.
Piccolo, Harry Potter, take the kids
to a safe place immediately.
Yes, sir.
Wolf and Snoopy,
you'll join me in the operation.
Yes, sir!
What?
Who started what operation?
The Republic of Korea Army
Special Warfare Command has started
an unofficial black op...
Excuse me, General Yoon!
How dare you...
Geeze.
The US Army promised that they'd rescue
the hostage in 24 hours.
The Korean Army
went to
rescue a Korean citizen.
There's nothing for you not to understand.
This isn't just a simple civilian kidnapping case.
What if we ruin the CIA operation?
Who's going to be responsible for that?
I understand your situation as a diplomatic...
Don't cut me off.
This is a matter of national security
that has to be dealt with politically and diplomatically.
Why don't you let the US Army rescue the hostage
and we concentrate on keeping the secrets and controlling the media.
Hey. Politician!
What did you say?
I hope I didn't hear you right.
If you didn't hear me right, I'll tell you again.
For you people, national security is just politics
that you discuss in closed rooms
and talk about in front of cameras.
For my men,
it's their country that they protect while giving up their youth
and risking their lives.
They answer when their nation calls
while knowing that no one will remember
their names or restore their honor.
Because they believe that the citizens' lives
are a matter of national security.
I'll take full responsibility
as their commander.
Why don't you wear a fancy tie
and have a press conference?
Geeze.
That means that you're willing
to resign from your position?
For an honorable reason. Anytime.
Ye Hwa prepared this for you. It'll help you recuperate.
Drink up!
So many people worried me.
I hate to do this
to someone who almost died...
But what's happening to Dr. Kang?
Haven’t you heard anything from Dr. Seo?
Has Dr. Kang been kidnapped?
Did the Captain and his team
go to rescue Dr. Kang?
Don't worry.
They'll rescue her. Whatever it takes.
Whatever it takes?
It's better for you not to know.
Time's up.
Let's see if your boyfriend
kept his promise.
Let's get you dressed up.
Let's go.
I think they're still in the building.
Hurry up! Here we go!
I have secured your retreat route like you asked.
The helicopter will arrive on time.
I only asked for a retreat route
but kindly a guide came with it.
I kept my word.
So
should you.
Let the hostage go.
Did you hit her?
Everyone! Lock on the target!
This is Wild Wolf.
I have a lock on the target.
Abort! Abort!
Everyone! Hold your fire!
Snoopy.
Do you recognize the explosives wrapped around the hostage's body?
It looks like
a regular PVC pipe type bomb vest,
but the detonator in his hand is tension triggered.
If he releases it, it'll go off.
What if we just blow up his wrist?
Calm down.
If we shoot him, the vest will go off.
Is there any other way?
I'm coming over.
Quit playing around and let the helicopter land.
Let her go first.
Or else
we do not land.
I have to be in a safe area first.
Or else,
she will die.
There'll be a wireless radio connected to the detonator.
Can you stall him?
What are they saying, doctor?
About the weather.
Such a beautiful day, they said.
Do you want to die?
Are you crazy?
I guess you can say that.
So...
Don't scare her.
Don't touch her.
Don't talk to her.
It's only me
you should deal with.
Take me instead.
No, thank you.
It's much more fun to travel with a beautiful lady.
It's a seam on her left shoulder.
There's a dim green light on her right shoulder.
I'm sure that's it.
I'm sorry I'm late.
Don't move and stay still.
You trust me, don't you?
Don't move a muscle.
What are you doing?
Taking my shot.
How long will it take?
One minute will suffice.
I can disarm it in one minute.
Please don't move.
I'm not moving. I'm trying not to move.
Look at me. Look into my eyes.
Do you remember when I fooled you about the mines?
You told me to bring an expert.
I've been in the army for 15 years,
including the Army Academy,
and I've never seen an explosive that Sergeant Choi couldn't disarm.
He's the best in the army.
You don't have to worry.
I won't let you die.
But still, we only have 30 seconds.
Why don't you two run?
We can do lots of things in 30 seconds.
Okay. I'm taking it off.
See?
I've removed the vest from her,
but I couldn't stop the timer.
It'll still go off.
Duck!
Big Boss. Nine o'clock!
Forget this.
Call from Korea, Captain
Sir!
Captain Yoo Shi Jin. I'm coming in. The operation is complete.
The target was killed and the hostage is safe.
I'll surrender my weapons and wait in the barracks.
I'm willing to accept any punishment.
You did a great job.
You're not going to be rewarded for what you did,
but you won't be punished either.
That's your reward.
General Yoon!
Don't worry about a thing and get some rest.
That's all. I can't believe this.
Can I write down that this operation
was done under your direct order?
Please do.
This will stir up trouble.
At least we won't have to worry about whom to blame.
I've already made a report to the Blue House.
The level of punishment we should impose...
Mr. President is coming.
Now?
- Yes.
- Here?
I read your report on my way here.
Have a seat.
I heard that the hostage is safe.
Yes, but the CIA is
strongly appealing
to us about our solo operation.
It'll put us in a diplomatically awkward position.
It'll disadvantage us when making trade negotiations.
Before they blame the Korean government,
we should punish the commander
in charge of this operation.
Should we?
I'm Lieutenant General Yoon Gil Jun.
I feel the same way.
I'll take full responsibility.
I don't agree.
Your hostage rescue operation was successful.
You didn't do anything wrong.
The hostage is safe.
We have a political and diplomatic issue.
That's something I should take care of.
I'll take full responsibility.
But Mr. President!
Make a list of any possible problems
that we might encounter
diplomatically.
Thank you for rescuing a citizen of Korea.
I'm glad no one got hurt while carrying out the operation.
I've never seen a gunshot wound before.
We're out in a bigger world and experiencing many things.
You need stitches.
Okay, bite this first.
Go get some vodka.
Your country will remember you forever.
What?
This is how to treat a gunshot wound.
Haven't you seen it in movies?
In horror films,
chatty doctors like you
always die first.
Bite this pen.
Calm down.
We were worried about you.
I don't know what to say.
Put this in her mouth.
Hey!
One, two, three, four!
One, two, three, four! One, two, three, four!
Singing while running.
The song is "Cool Guy."
-There are
-lots of
cool guys.
-Sergeant Seo!
-Handsome!
Can I talk to you for a minute?
I've tried to be understanding
as a sophisticated and intelligent man,
but why do they do something
as vulgar as this?
I can't stand it.
Sergeant Seo! Sergeant Seo!
How's your wound?
I couldn't ask you with so much going on yesterday.
But is Fatima okay?
She's okay. She's being treated at headquarters.
She'll recover pretty quickly.
Really?
What do you mean?
I have a feeling that
you lie to me quite often.
You said those kids from the ghost town were safe.
But I saw them locked up there.
I'm sorry that I lied to you.
I didn't want you to worry.
How many more lies
have you told me so far
to prevent me from worrying?
How did you get hurt?
While shoveling in my regiment.
Are you okay? Did anyone get hurt?
It was a simple traffic accident.
You must've been shocked. Are you okay?
Can I ask you what it's about?
I need to be at headquarters.
I haven't told you any lies other than that.
You're lying.
What's your excuse behind that lie you just told?
Now I understand.
The lies that you've told me
aren't the kind of lies I can tell you to come clean with
and threaten to break up with you if you don't.
Behind your lies,
someone's life is at stake
and politics and diplomacy are involved
and countries react.
You made jokes
to hide the things that you couldn't tell me.
You'll keep making silly jokes
to hide the things that you can't tell me.
And I won't be able to trust you.
And eventually, there'll be nothing
to talk about between us.
How angry I was in the morning because of
this jerk who parked like a drunken idiot.
I can't decide whether I should eat kimchi stew
or bean paste stew for lunch.
I'm not happy because my package didn't show up.
I just want to talk to you
about those small things.
Go ahead.
For me, every single thing you say is important.
I know.
I trust you,
but...
I can't tell those things to someone
who stoped bullets with his own body.
Do you want to break up with me?
I'm not sure if you're a man I can handle.
Big Boss!
He's smart,
funny,
and mysterious.
But
he has a lot of secrets.
He'll disappear from time to time.
Be hard to contact.
And then, one day...
He'll never come back.
Thanks for your gift, Big Boss.
Thanks to you,
over 200 people have to write thousands of pages of reports again.
Now I realize what I just did.
My apology.
It's a good day when a failed op results
only in paperwork instead of our lives lost.
You don't have to apologize to anyone.
Thanks for not reporting on that day.
Because of you,
I was able to avoid
struggles in my own troops.
No, I reported you.
Just a little bit late.
Seems very lonely with no honor and no country to serve.
See you again.
Big Boss!
Even if I never see you again,
you stay alive.
Take care.
The patients will leave on Wednesday, two days before the medical services team.
And we'll leave on Friday night.
Therefore, the Haeseong Hospital medical team
will be disbanded officially at midnight on Thursday.
Wow, we're really going home.
Tell me honestly.
Were we fired or disbanded?
Why? Do you feel sad?
I thought you were dying to go home.
I don't know. I'm definitely not jumping for joy.
Is it just me?
Me too. I feel a little gloomy.
Me too.
Shall we start?
These are our last rounds in Uruk.
I guess you sure are a soldier.
You're recovering so fast.
I recover fast
because I'm young.
I guess you're all better.
You can be discharged after resting for two more days.
Okay. Why don't you stay right there?
It's my turn.
What are you doing?
Are you taking your medicine?
Change the dressing often so you won't get infected.
You can start showering again in two days.
You can go now.
He can eat porridge starting tomorrow and keep giving him antibiotics.
You're over the hump.
Because of you, a lot of people might have died.
You're going to be transferred to Korea.
I want you to be severely punished.
Diamonds. My diamonds.
The US Army took the diamonds.
You'll never find them.
I hope you're happy.
Is everything okay?
You're the healthiest of all the patients who are going home.
It'll be cold in Korea, right?
I don't like cold weather.
Dr. Kang. Dr. Kang. You have a fax.
It's about Dr. Lee Chi Hoon.
I think his results came in.
Well...Can I deliver that to him?
You're not supposed to be here.
We're all going to Korea.
All the doctors and patients.
You must be happy that you don't have to see me.
I'm not infected.
I'm not dying.
Are you happy because you won't die?
Me too.
I'm happy because you're not going to die.
Thank you.
Don't thank me or say sorry to me.
I won't say those things to you.
Oh my!
When did you get here?
Did you walk all the way here?
You're all better.
I'm not sick. I'm all better now.
Can you wait here?
I have something for you.
Wear them when you get bigger. This is my present to you.
If you need money, you can sell them.
There aren't even 50 pairs of these shoes in the entire world.
Not this. Give me a goat.
I know. I'm going to miss you too.
By the way, Blacky is where you live.
Then what's your real name?
Give me a goat.
Not this. A goat.
I want to have a goat.
Right. I guess that's your name.
Yes, goat!
Buy me a goat.
I want to have a goat.
Yes. I know how you feel.
I'm glad that I got to know you.
I'm going to miss you a lot.
Don't think that you owe me anything.
Have a good life, okay?
Do you want to break up with me?
Onto the next one, boys! Let's go!
Captain. Look over there.
Pickle. One, two, three!
I want you to forget this as well.
Would you like to have coffee with me?
Can you prepare some coffee for us?
I'll be at the chapel.
I was checking the patients before you came.
I was glad to see Lieutenant Yoon recovering fast.
I was going to put my hair back, but I couldn’t find an elastic.
I checked everywhere, but I couldn't find one.
Elastics are disposable.
I'm even going to tell you about small things like this.
I've decided to embrace who you are.
I want you to embrace the fact that I'm a chatterbox.
I want you to promise one thing.
Let me have the right to worry about you.
I can't be worried and anxious
whenever I can't see you face to face.
So
when you have to do something dangerous,
let me know.
If you say you're going to a department store,
I'll consider it a secret operation.
I’ll understand.
At least when you're fighting to stay alive,
I don't want to be laughing with my friends.
Let me ask you one last question.
Me or your country?
You'd better answer it right.
I'm not going to ask you again.
For now, Kang Mo Yeon.
For now?
You said you wouldn't ask me again.
That was before you said
"For now, Kang Mo Yeon."
What if I ask you again?
Still Kang Mo Yeon.
Really?
What about your country?
My country won’t get jealous.
It just trusts me.
Geeze. What am I doing?
How did I end up
with a guy like him?
The thing you're worried about will never happen.
I promise.
I don't know.
How pretty!
I know that.
I'm okay now.
My fever's gone and I'm ridiculously hungry.
I want to have samgyetang.
Samgyetang?
And samgyeobsal.
When we get back to Korea.
Soju and beer.
To see you craving alcohol, you're all better.
You know what? All my favorite things start with "S."
Samgyetang, samgyeobsal,
soju and beer, and Seo Dae Young.
That's strange. Wait! "Strange" also starts with "S."
Swindler!
So in love with you.
Geeze!
Sir,
you put a bottle cap inside the chicken.
I thought it was a jujube.
It isn't edible.
Even after it's cooked?
What?
Put these in as well.
These taste good when they're cooked.
They sure do.
I guess you know your stuff.
Please.
Can you two just leave me alone?
We want to contribute.
Can we?
I can put this in and start cooking, right?
Sure.
Salt. Salt.
Good. Good.
I'm so impressed.
You look good in an apron.
Don't I look like good husband material?
You two went through a lot
and we prepared this so that you can get some energy.
This is really good.
It's perfect.
Private Kim is a good cook.
Right? I think I'll miss his dishes even when I go back to Korea.
When I went to med school, I ate
samgyetang a lot in front of the school.
I know you did.
I saw you and Min Yoon Gi eat there together.
We didn't go there together.
He just followed me there
saying that he wanted to talk to me.
If you still think that
I came between you two...
You came between us.
What did he want to tell you?
He said there was nothing between you two.
Did he say that?
There was nothing between us?
Yes, he said you two were doing group study.
Group study?
We weren't only studying.
There was something between us
starting in April.
But he asked me out in March right after the semester started.
I meant April the year before.
I guess you had a secret crush on him.
He had feelings for me too.
The reason why they hated each other
was because of this guy called Yoon Gi.
I'm dying to meet this guy named Yoon Gi.
It seems that I couldn’t fall asleep.
It's not what you think.
It's not what you think at all.
You two went berserk over a photo.
I didn't know they had a crush on another guy.
I'm so furious.
I don't know who this lucky guy is
but I want to kill him.
I guess he's a doctor.
Carry out forcible combat plans after making sure the location.
I don't know if I can keep my cool when I see him.
A gun is too easy
and a bomb is too messy.
I guess you and I both put our feet in our mouths.
Who brought up the story about medical school?
You shouldn't have
connected it to Min Yoon Gi.
That's not important at the moment.
How are we going to fix this?
How could we be so stupid
and careless?
Don't worry about me.
Worry about yourself.
Why?
I can pretend that I'm still really sick.
I almost die. He'll forgive me.
I'm so jealous.
It's okay. I have a fever.
Ouch.
Don't worry about me. I'm okay.
I know. You look fine.
I guess you have good memories of Yoon Gi. You're glowing.
Okay, this isn't working.
I have something to discuss with you.
With me?
You have a thing with Yoon Gi but you want to discuss something with me?
No?
Did you think I'd say yes?
Okay.
Speaking of that,
I'm going to call Yoon Gi.
Go ahead and call him. See what happens.
I'm going to call him.
Listen to me carefully.
What is it?
At the moment, I like Yoo Shi Jin the most
of all the existing men on Earth.
I destroyed three cars with him
and was almost drowned with him,
beat an epidemic with him,
and got a gunshot wound because of him.
Despite all those things,
I just can't stop liking him.
Why?
Because he hasn't been coward.
He has kept his honor at all times
and is still amazingly good-looking.
Do you have a problem?
No.
I have something to discuss with you. Do want to hear it or not?
I've wanted to hear it
from the moment I was born.
I'm going to visit Fatima tomorrow
and I was wondering if Daniel and Ye Hwa
would be willing to become her guardians.
But they don't stay in one place and come and go as they please.
I have someone
I can trust.
You might not like her though.
A guardian?
Do you remember when I asked you about the black market?
The kid is there.
You saved her.
Look at her.
Why did you choose me for a guardian?
I trust the ones who bring me luck.
Okay.
But I heard you're heading back to Korea.
Yeah.
Thanks for everything, Valentine.
Good luck to you.
Thank you.
You need to listen to her.
She's not as nice as me.
And...
Write me letters to the address that I gave you.
No.
Then just call me.
How cheeky!
Do you have to treat
someone who's paying your tuition, like this?
I guess teenagers are the same everywhere.
Hey, girl!
Be nice.
Thank you for everything.
I'll always be thankful. Stay safe.
You're some girl,
aren't you?
I'll always wonder what you will be.
So stay in touch.
Just to let you know.
By the way,
I meant every word that I just said.
I know.
What do you want to do the most when you go back to Korea?
I want to take a hot bath for a long time.
What about you?
I want to watch you do that.
Let's watch a movie.
We haven't been able to watch one.
Why is it so hard to watch a movie with you?
Okay.
When we go to Korea,
let's stay away from kidnapping and rescuing
and let's do what other couples do.
Let's watch a movie, eat dinner,
have coffee and you'll walk me home.
You'll take a hot bath.
Stop right there.
Go home. I'll be right behind you.
Don't go to a hotel with Mr. Han.
Don't flirt with Yoon Gi.
I told you to stop.
And this.
Do you still have this?
People believe that
if you take a pebble from here,
you'll come back for sure.
Take it.
Why don't you see if it's true?
To see if you come back.
Thank you for everything.
You too.
One, two, three, four!
-There are
-lots of
cool guys.
You got up early.
I didn't want to miss even a second.
Bye bye, my pigeons!
Huh? There's a guy we haven't seen before.
Who is he?
Right? In the right front?
He doesn't fit in.
Oh my!
He hated them so much.
I think he's doing it for you.
Dr. Song is such a sweet guy.
Can you two start dating?
I have to go. I haven't finished packing yet.
Oh my god!
Was it something I wrong?
You didn't say anything wrong.
Ms. Ha is
as sweet as Dr. Song.
She's like the character from "Candy Candy."
What are you talking about?
You're too young to know.
Let's go.
One, two, three.
Attention!
Salute!
Good morning, everyone!
Good morning!
It's too far to commute.
I loved the fact that
the medical zone was right in front of my tent.
We enjoyed the pigeons every morning.
Wait for me.
Hello.
Don't you feel like this is our first day of work?
-I know.
-Right?
Me too. It's so cold.
Good morning.
We're really back.
-=Next Episode-=
What the heck is going on?
When did they get back?
Oops! I remember here.
Are you sending me  home now?
Should I let you stay with me?
We're guarding the conference room on the 17th floor.
How can you do this?
How can you let me find out like this?
When I ran away, I was trying to make you realize...
We're done.
Who's the idiot to start a gun fight
in the middle of Seoul in broad daylight?
Gun fight! Gun fight!
We need backup! We need backup!
I love you, Yoon Myung Joo.
I love you very much.